It is minor mode for editing "Ruby On Rails":http://rubyonrails.org/
code with "Emacs":http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/.  This repo is a
fork of "remvee emacs-rails":https://github.com/remvee/emacs-rails and
adds the missing Rails 4 structure.

h2. Features

* Rails 4 ready
  Implements new rails 4 directory structure: app/models, test/models etc.
* Decorators
  Include in Navigation and Running Tests
* Navigation
  Go from unit test to model to controller to functional test to view etc.
* Running tests
  Run test for the current model, controller, lib, decorator etc.
* Console and webserver
  Run this console and webserver in a buffer.
* Rake tasks
  Run rake tasks like rake db:migrate
* Generations
  Run rails generate scripts like rails generate model ...

Try @C-h b@ to find out what key bindings are available and see @M-x
customize-group <RET> rails@ for all the knobs and switches.

h2. Installation

All below listed packages (expect this minor-mode) can be installed
via "MELPA":http://melpa.milkbox.net, "ELPA":http://tromey.com or
"MARMELADE":http://marmalade-repo.org.

h3. Dependencies

* Ruby Mode
* Inferior Ruby Mode

h3. Rails-minor-mode

Pull the latest version from github:

<pre><code>
  git clone git://github.com/joe81/emacs-rails.git ~/.emacs.d/emacs-rails
</code></pre>

Hook it up in your @.emacs@ or @.emacs.d/init.el@ with something like:

<pre><code>
  (add-to-list 'load-path (expand-file-name "~/.emacs.d/emacs-rails"))
  (require 'rails)
</code></pre>

You're ready to go.

h3. Helpful packages

* rhtml-mode
* yaml-mode
* ruby-electric
* company-mode or auto-complete
* robe
* flymake-ruby, flymake-coffee, flymake-json, flymake-yaml
* autopair-mode
* yasnippet-mode
* coffee-mode

h2. Choose Rails version

As default this mode can be used for Rails 4 projects. If you want to
use it for Rails 3 projects, checkout the rails-3.x branch or use the
original repo from remvee/emacs-rails.git

h2. Usage

h3. Navigation

h4. Switching

* `C-c C-c g m` goto models
* `C-c C-c g c` goto controllers
* `C-c C-c g d` goto decorators
* `C-c C-c g d` goto libs
* `C-c C-c g h` goto helpers
* `C-c C-c g g` goto migrations
* `C-c C-c g j` goto javascripts
* `C-c C-c g s` goto stylesheets
* `C-c C-c g l` goto layouts
* `C-c C-c g p` goto plugins
* `C-c C-c g u` goto model tests
* `C-c C-c g f` goto controller tests
* `C-c C-c g i` goto integration tests
* `C-c C-c g d` goto decorator tests
* `C-c C-c g x` goto fixtures
* `C-return` goto file on current line

h4. Quick Switching

Quick switch from Model to:

* `C-c c` Controller
* `C-c d` Decorator
* `C-c u` ModelTest
* `C-c x` Fixture

Quick switch from Controller to:

* `C-c m` Model
* `C-c h` Helper
* `C-c d` Decorator
* `C-c f` ControllerTest
* `C-up` View of method
* `C-down` Select specific view

See context sensitive menus for other quick switchs.

h4. Find files

* `C-c f m` find models
* `C-c f c` find controller
* `C-c f h` find helpers
* `C-c f l` find layout
* `C-c f s` find stylesheets
* `C-c f j` find javascripts
* `C-c f g` find migrate
* `C-c f b` find lib
* `C-c f t` find tasks
* `C-c f v` find view
* `C-c f d` find db
* `C-c f p` find public
* `C-c f f` find fixtures
* `C-c f o` find config
* `C-c f a` find assets


h3. Useful functions

h4. Scripts and SQL

* Kill script `C-c C-c k`
* Rails generate `C-c C-c e`
* Rails destroy `C-c C-c x`
* Start Rails console `C-c C-c s c`
* Start/Stop Webserver `C-c C-c w s`
* Print Webserver status `C-c C-c w i`
* Auto open Browser `C-c C-c w i`
* Start SQL-Buffer `C-c C-c s s`
* Start terminal console `C-c M-Z`
* Generate and update TAGS file `C-c C-c C-t`
* Start rake tasks `C-c C-c r`

h4. Database

* Run migrations `C-c C-c d m`
* Migrate to version `C-c C-c d v`
* Migrate to previous version `C-c C-c d v`
* Migrate version up `C-c C-c d u`
* Migrate version down `C-c C-c d d`

h4. Tests

* Start all tests `C-c C-c y a`
* Start all model tests `C-c C-c y u`
* Start all controller tests `C-c C-c y f`
* Start all decorator tests `C-c C-c y d`
* Start all integration tests `C-c C-c y i`
* Start all tests of current buffer `C-c C-c .`
* Start current test of cursor postition `C-c C-c ,`
* Toggle output window `C-c /`

h4. Misc

* Create partial from selection `C-c p`
* Create helper from block  `C-c b`
* Search in project `C-c s`

h2. Bugs

Yes!  Plenty!  And most of them known, ignored and yearning for your
attention!  Please fork this repository and fix the stuff that bothers
you.


h2. Credits

A big thanks to Dmitry Galinsky for starting this project and Remco
van 't Veer and the other contributors who helped to push/enhance this
project.